_CodingChallenges/067-pong.md, before:

---
title: "Pong!"
redirect_from: CodingChallenges/67-pong.html
video_number: 67
date: 2017-03-27
video_id: IIrC5Qcb2G4
repository: CC_067_Pong
web_editor: CKCwTIm3S

links:
  - title: "Pong on Wikipedia"
    url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pong"
  - title: "Paddle angles drawing"
    url: "https://i1.wp.com/zekechan.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/pong-05b.png?resize=600%2C500"
videos:
  - title: "My Video on Polar Coordinates"
    url: "/Tutorials/9-additional-topics/9.20-polar-coordinates"
contributions:
  - title: "Single Player Edition"
    author:
      name: "Nico Finkernagel"
      url: "https://www.gruselhaus.com"
    url: "https://cdn.gruselhaus.com/static/p5/pong/"
  - title: "Play against an AI based on Shiffman's Neural Network Class."
    author:
      name: "Nico Finkernagel"
      url: "https://www.gruselhaus.com"
    url: "https://cdn.gruselhaus.com/static/p5/pong_nn/"
  - title: "Pong"
    author:
      name: "alok"
    url: "https://aloksbd.github.io/Game-Sprint/2-pong/index.html"
    source: "https://github.com/aloksbd/Game-Sprint/tree/master/2-pong"
---

In this challenge, I attempt (emphasis on the word "attempt") to program the classic video game Pong in Processing (Java).

Commit message:

Pong with AI and human vs AI
Pong with AI and human vs AI by Johnny Carlsen alis Carlsen66

_CodingChallenges/067-pong.md, after:

---
title: "Pong!"
redirect_from: CodingChallenges/67-pong.html
video_number: 67
date: 2017-03-27
video_id: IIrC5Qcb2G4
repository: CC_067_Pong
web_editor: CKCwTIm3S

links:
  - title: "Pong on Wikipedia"
    url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pong"
  - title: "Paddle angles drawing"
    url: "https://i1.wp.com/zekechan.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/pong-05b.png?resize=600%2C500"
videos:
  - title: "My Video on Polar Coordinates"
    url: "/Tutorials/9-additional-topics/9.20-polar-coordinates"
contributions:
  - title: "Single Player Edition"
    author:
      name: "Nico Finkernagel"
      url: "https://www.gruselhaus.com"
    url: "https://cdn.gruselhaus.com/static/p5/pong/"
  - title: "Play against an AI based on Shiffman's Neural Network Class."
    author:
      name: "Nico Finkernagel"
      url: "https://www.gruselhaus.com"
    url: "https://cdn.gruselhaus.com/static/p5/pong_nn/"
  - title: "Pong"
    author:
      name: "alok"
    url: "https://aloksbd.github.io/Game-Sprint/2-pong/index.html"
    source: "https://github.com/aloksbd/Game-Sprint/tree/master/2-pong"
  
  title: "Pong with AI and human vs AI"
    author:
      name: "carlsen66"
    url: "https://carlsen66.github.io/CC_067_Pong%20AI/"
    source: "https://github.com/carlsen66/carlsen66.github.io/tree/master/CC_067_Pong%20AI"
---

In this challenge, I attempt (emphasis on the word "attempt") to program the classic video game Pong in Processing (Java).
